My tutorial in the Lycian language with Professor Smith will build off of the rapidly-growing work done during the Fall semester and culminate in a systematic digital edition of Lycian epigraphic sources--a “Lycian Perseus Project,” if you will. The work done in this semester has laid the groundwork for further in-depth research into this rich--but often understudied--Anatolian Language.

The Fall tutorial has been structured around primary-source based work. Using bilingual Greek-Lycian texts, I have systematically “deciphered” the Lycian alphabet. This was done to experimentally confirm the findings of previous Lycian scholars and increase my familiarity with the sources. I have also begun identifying key morphological and syntactical features by analyzing standard funerary formulaic language. Most recently, I have started the process of digitally editing these primary sources using XML and tying these editions to canonically cited digital images.

This coming tutorial will build upon the work started in the Fall tutorial. We will continue to expand the edited corpus of Lycian inscriptions. We will also build out a model of morphological analyses and a digital lexicon. All of these will be coordinated with canonical citation. Moreover, we plan to expand the corpus to include contextual information about each epigraphic source including its geographic, chronological, and political provenance.  Throughout this process, we will compile an annotated bibliography of Lycian scholarship, which will be a useful resource for other scholars and students interested in Lycia.

When I have compiled enough information in this digital edition, I hope to use the findings to revisit important questions about Lycian religion. The last scholars to survey this area of Lycian culture broadly were Trevor Bryce in 1986 and, more briefly Anthony Keen in 1989. Since then, valuable archeological and linguistic evidence has expanded our understanding of the corpus. I plan to use the Lycian corpus and archaeological evidence to craft an updated picture of Lycian religious life, tied closely to primary sources, with a specific focus on its votive and funerary practices.

It is my hope that this Lycian corpus will be valuable to scholars and students alike, and that it will be useful in bridging the disciplinary gap between the linguistic and archaeological studies of the Lycian language and culture.
