docs/Texts/tl_70/index.md, before:

---
title: "Tituli Lycii, 70"
layout: page
parent: Texts
nav_order: 70
---



# *Tituli Lycii*, 70




`urn:cts:trmilli:tl.70.v1:`

## Diplomatic edition

|  | Transcription | Lycian |
| :---: | :------ | :------ |
| `1` | ebeNnE : xopA me=ne prNnawatE | 𐊁𐊂𐊁𐊑𐊏𐊚 : 𐊜𐊒𐊓𐊙 𐊎𐊁𐊏𐊁 𐊓𐊕𐊑𐊏𐊀𐊇𐊀𐊗𐊚 |
| `2` | sbikaza xNtanobeh tideimi | 𐊖𐊂𐊆𐊋𐊀𐊈𐊀 𐊜𐊑𐊗𐊀𐊏𐊒𐊂𐊁𐊛 𐊗𐊆𐊅𐊁𐊆𐊎𐊆 |
| `3` | temosemotah tohes | 𐊗𐊁𐊎𐊒𐊖𐊁𐊎𐊒𐊗𐊀𐊛 𐊗𐊒𐊛𐊁𐊖 |

## Normalized edition

|  | Transcription | Lycian |
| :---: | :------ | :------ |
| `1` | ebENnE : xo-pA | 𐊁𐊂𐊚𐊑𐊏𐊚 : 𐊜𐊒-𐊓𐊙 |
| `2` | : mE=ne pr-NnawatE | : 𐊎𐊚𐊏𐊁 𐊓𐊕-𐊑𐊏𐊀𐊇𐊀𐊗𐊚 |
| `3` | : me-de | : 𐊎𐊁-𐊅𐊁 |
| `4` | : epNnEni | : 𐊁𐊓𐊑𐊏𐊚𐊏𐊆 |
| `5` | ehbi : -ma hMprA | 𐊁𐊛𐊂𐊆 : -𐊎𐊀 𐊛𐊐𐊓𐊕𐊙 |
| `6` | : sey=atli | : 𐊖𐊁𐊊𐊀𐊗𐊍𐊆 |

Commit message:

Add images to text display

docs/Texts/tl_70/index.md, after:

---
title: "Tituli Lycii, 70"
layout: page
parent: Texts
nav_order: 70
---



# *Tituli Lycii*, 70




`urn:cts:trmilli:tl.70.v1:`



All images are linked to pannable/zoomable versions

[![thumb)](http://www.homermultitext.org/iipsrv?IIIF=/project/homer/pyramidal/deepzoom/lycian/hc/v1/2007.02.0020.tif/full/200,/0/default.jpg)](http://www.homermultitext.org/ict2/?urn=urn:cite2:lycian:hc.v1:2007.02.0020)

## Diplomatic edition

|  | Transcription | Lycian | Image link |
| :---: | :------ | :------ | --- |
| `1` | ebeNnE : xopA me=ne prNnawatE | 𐊁𐊂𐊁𐊑𐊏𐊚 : 𐊜𐊒𐊓𐊙 𐊎𐊁𐊏𐊁 𐊓𐊕𐊑𐊏𐊀𐊇𐊀𐊗𐊚 |Invalid indexing of text to source images. |
| `2` | sbikaza xNtanobeh tideimi | 𐊖𐊂𐊆𐊋𐊀𐊈𐊀 𐊜𐊑𐊗𐊀𐊏𐊒𐊂𐊁𐊛 𐊗𐊆𐊅𐊁𐊆𐊎𐊆 |Invalid indexing of text to source images. |
| `3` | temosemotah tohes | 𐊗𐊁𐊎𐊒𐊖𐊁𐊎𐊒𐊗𐊀𐊛 𐊗𐊒𐊛𐊁𐊖 |Invalid indexing of text to source images. |

## Normalized edition

|  | Transcription | Lycian |
| :---: | :------ | :------ |
| `1` | ebeNnE : xopA me=ne prNnawatE | 𐊁𐊂𐊁𐊑𐊏𐊚 : 𐊜𐊒𐊓𐊙 𐊎𐊁𐊏𐊁 𐊓𐊕𐊑𐊏𐊀𐊇𐊀𐊗𐊚 |
| `2` | sbikaza xNtanobeh tideimi | 𐊖𐊂𐊆𐊋𐊀𐊈𐊀 𐊜𐊑𐊗𐊀𐊏𐊒𐊂𐊁𐊛 𐊗𐊆𐊅𐊁𐊆𐊎𐊆 |
| `3` | temosemotah tohes | 𐊗𐊁𐊎𐊒𐊖𐊁𐊎𐊒𐊗𐊀𐊛 𐊗𐊒𐊛𐊁𐊖 |
